hi there guys it's James Alex Flint
welcome to my door guard character build
guide so the aim of this guide is to
create a kind of perfect vampire hunter
character so if you want to side with
the door guard in the latest Skyrim DLC
just carry on listening and I'll explain
we need to know so the main skills for
this build is archery light armor and
alchemy and we might possibly get one
perk in smithing and I'll explain why
later on so the archery skill allows us
to use the crossbows at their full
potential so the alchemy allows us to
create poisons this is important because
with the crossbow it's all about a high
damage bolt that's very slow to reload
much slower than bows so you want to do
as much damage as possible with one bolt
so you have the poison to make it do a
lot more damage with each shot and
finally light armor allows us to keep a
lot more stamina than if we were to use
heavy armor this is important for when
you're zooming in and doing the slowing
down time with the archery skill ability
just gives you a lot more flexibility
and a lot more time so in the smithing
tree you might want to get the first
perk that allows you to craft steel
weapons and armor and this is because
you don't get very many steel bolts that
you need for the crossbow so the best
way to get them is by crafting them
yourself and you can do that by using
one stealing got and one firewood and
that can create ten so you can really
create a lot of steel bolts just from a
few resources so that perk is definitely
worth getting now as for race it doesn't
really matter that much but if you want
to get archery skill up as quickly as
possible because it will be your main
offensive skill then you probably want
to choose a wood elf
because they have a +10 in the archery
skill you could also go for a red guard
because they have a +5 in archery but
with Skyrim I always tend to go for a
noise just because race doesn't really
tend to matter and I just prefer playing
Lords but let me know what you think so
I'm now going to show you exactly which
perks to pick within the skill trees so
you'll probably be starting the dawn
guard DLC somewhere between level 10 and
15 but I've tailored this character
build exactly at level 13
but feel free to just change a few
points here and there so to start in
archery you need to be level 50 and and
you want to invest 6 points in the
archery tree you want to put 3 in over
draw you will then want to put 1 in
eagle eye then 1 in steady hand and then
finally one in power shot now the Power
Shot will give you a much-needed stagger
back effect so you really need this
because the reload on the crossbow is so
slow you shoot them they stag out which
gives you enough time to reload and then
shoot again so for light armor you need
a high skill of 60 and you want to put 5
points in this tree you want to an agile
defender you want one in custom-fit one
in unhindered and then one in wind
Walker and wind Walker is really the
valuable one here which just means your
stamina regenerates 50% faster the
benefit of this as I said before is that
you can use the slow down time ability
for much longer
with your archery skill just gives you
more time so if alchemy it's really
quite obvious which perks you want to
choose if you're going to be using
poisons but just to point out a really
useful poison that I use is death bell
combined with River Betty and that gives
you a nice damage health and slow effect
on the target and the slow is important
because again it gives you enough time
to reload the crossbow so that's pretty
much it I would recommend going and
talking to Gunma who is a guy that you
recruit after a few quests in the
Dawnguard DLC he gives you the dawn
guard armor and it just looks really
cool and it's also a lot better than the
armor that you would normally get in the
Skyrim game at 10 to 15 thanks guys for
watching if you liked the video please
rate comment and subscribe I bring more
character builds out soon so stay tuned
thanks again see you next time